README.md, before:

# JavaFX-Examples

Originally this project was named JavaFX-12-Examples, but because it can be built from Jdk11 up, I just renamed it. I thought dispell any confusion.

This project is a partent project to a number JavaFX example projects that I am creating as a series of articles or tutorials.

| Example Project | Description | Status        |
| :-------------- | ----------- | ------------- |
| JFXComponents   | JavaFX components and controls used in the JavaFX example apps | WIP |
| JFXSimpleGraph | This is a hodge-podge of code that was intended to show how to draw edge-node graphs. It doesn't do this. But it is full or various examples from drawing and rotating shapes and attempting to show how you can simulate MDI desktop with various app windows. | WIP |
| JFXSandbox |  | WIP |
| JFXSandboxFxml |  |  |
| JFXGraphviz     | A JavaFX application that spawns processes to dot and then displays the image in an ImageView. | WIP |
| JFXSandboxBasicFxmlApp |  | WIP |
| JFXCanvasExample |  | WIP |
| JFXCodeEditor   | A syntax highlighting code editor that uses [Ace](https://ace.c9.io/) in a JavaFX WebView. | WIP |
| JFXRichTextFX |  | WIP |
| JFXPropertiesAndListeners |  | WIP |
| JFXSpreadSheet |  | WIP |
| JFXSamplesAndDemos |  | WIP |
| JFXRegExApp |  | WIP |
| JFXRootExample |  | WIP |
| JFXControllerExamples |  | WIP |
| JFXShapes |  | WIP |
| AceEditorExample |  | WIP |
| JFXFontExamples |  | WIP |
| TestingFonts |  | WIP |
| JFXStickyNotes |  | WIP |
| JFXHexViewer |  | WIP |
| JFXHexEditor |  | WIP |
| JFXGameOfLife |  | WIP |
| JFXTurtles |  | WIP |
| JFXGraphviz |  | WIP |
| JFXMLCanvasGraphics |  | WIP |
| JFXMLInteractiveCanvas |  | WIP |
| JFXCanvasBaseApp |  | WIP |
| GameOfLife |  | WIP |
| TurtlesApp |  | WIP |

Commit message:

Updated README with a note describing current state.

README.md, after:

# JavaFX-Examples

#### *Note: This software is not finished, and there are a lot of ideas that I'm still working through. As I complete each example I'll add a note to the status column of the table below.*

***

Originally this project was named JavaFX-12-Examples, but because it can be built from Jdk11 up, I just renamed it. I thought dispell any confusion.

This project is a partent project to a number JavaFX example projects that I am creating as a series of articles or tutorials.

| Example Project | Description | Status        |
| :-------------- | ----------- | ------------- |
| JFXComponents   | JavaFX components and controls used in the JavaFX example apps | WIP |
| JFXSimpleGraph | This is a hodge-podge of code that was intended to show how to draw edge-node graphs. It doesn't do this. But it is full or various examples from drawing and rotating shapes and attempting to show how you can simulate MDI desktop with various app windows. | WIP |
| JFXSandbox |  | WIP |
| JFXSandboxFxml |  |  |
| JFXGraphviz     | A JavaFX application that spawns processes to dot and then displays the image in an ImageView. | WIP |
| JFXSandboxBasicFxmlApp |  | WIP |
| JFXCanvasExample |  | WIP |
| JFXCodeEditor   | A syntax highlighting code editor that uses [Ace](https://ace.c9.io/) in a JavaFX WebView. | WIP |
| JFXRichTextFX |  | WIP |
| JFXPropertiesAndListeners |  | WIP |
| JFXSpreadSheet |  | WIP |
| JFXSamplesAndDemos |  | WIP |
| JFXRegExApp |  | WIP |
| JFXRootExample |  | WIP |
| JFXControllerExamples |  | WIP |
| JFXShapes |  | WIP |
| AceEditorExample |  | WIP |
| JFXFontExamples |  | WIP |
| TestingFonts |  | WIP |
| JFXStickyNotes |  | WIP |
| JFXHexViewer |  | WIP |
| JFXHexEditor |  | WIP |
| JFXGameOfLife |  | WIP |
| JFXTurtles |  | WIP |
| JFXGraphviz |  | WIP |
| JFXMLCanvasGraphics |  | WIP |
| JFXMLInteractiveCanvas |  | WIP |
| JFXCanvasBaseApp |  | WIP |
| GameOfLife |  | WIP |
| TurtlesApp |  | WIP |
